[EDU-5096] feat: upload object guide (#1146)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/store-journey/storage/updload-object.mdx

---
title: How to upload an object to an Edge Storage bucket

> description: Discover how to upload files to an Edge Storage bucket with our comprehensive guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Discover how to upload files to an Edge Storage bucket with this guide.
```

```

</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.api">

To upload an object, run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/), `<bucket_name>` with the name of your bucket, `<object_key>` with an ID or name for the object, the `Content-Type` header with the MIME type being submitted, and the object sent as a data binary:

```bash
curl --location 'https://api.azion.com/v4/storage/buckets/<bucket_name>/objects/<object_key>' \
--header 'Accept: application/json; version=3' \
--header 'Content-Type: text/csv' \
--header 'Authorization: Token [TOKEN VALUE]' \
--data '@./path/file.csv'
```

You should receive the following response:

```json
{
    "state": "executed",
    "data": {
        "object_key": "folder/csv-file"
    }
}
```

</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.runtime">

You can create an edge function to upload objects to your bucket using a `POST` console command and see if an object is available using a `GET` console command. To do so:

1. Access [Azion Console](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/) > **Edge Functions**.

> 2. Click the **Add Function** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **+ Edge Function** button.
```

---
title: How to upload an object to an Edge Storage bucket
description: Discover how to upload files to an Edge Storage bucket with our comprehensive guide.
meta_tags: edge storage, cloud storage, s3 bucket, file storage, upload files, Azion Edge Storage, object storage
namespace: documentation_products_store_storage_object_storage_upload
permalink: /documentation/products/store/storage/upload-object/
---

> This guide walks you through uploading an object to an Edge Storage bucket using the [Azion API](), [Azion CLI](), and [Azion Runtime]().

Author: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through uploading an object to an Edge Storage bucket using the [Azion API](https://api.azion.com/), [Azion CLI](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/), and [Azion Runtime](/en/documentation/runtime/api-reference/storage/).
```
